= Server-Health

* http://github.com/rheikvaneyck/ServerHealth

== DESCRIPTION:

..is a ruby program for monitoring linux server. Development is in progress, 
plan is to alow remote monitoring of server health parameter:

- RAID status
- hard disk smart parameter
- visualize the disk usage

Current idea is to use sqlite3 as the database to store all the data in. The 
Google-chart-API is utilized to visualize the data. SSH and the ruby ssh gem, 
respectively is used to access log data on the server.

Enjoy watching the progress or despair of it.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

The current work is in a very early develpment state, so u can not use this 
tool right now.

== SYNOPSIS:

  FIX (code sample of usage)

== REQUIREMENTS:

- net-ssh
- net-scp
- activerecord
- shoulda
- hoe
- gchartrb

== INSTALL:

* FIX ME (sudo gem install, anything else)

== LICENSE:

(The GPL)

Copyright (c) 2011 Marcus Nasarek

ServerHealth is copyrighted free software by Marcus Nasarek.
You can redistribute it and/or modify it under either the terms of the GPL
(see COPYING.txt file).

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.